Simple Java Example (#8)
upvestco/http-signature-examples: Java/simple-signing-demo/README.md

# Overview

> This directory contains a basic example of a making a request to the Upvest Investment API in Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a basic example of how to make an authenticated request to the Upvest Investment API, in Java.
```

The intent of this code is to show you how to implement [version 15 of the
HTTP Message Signature standard draft](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-15)
and authorisation token acquisition, which you'll need to securely access
the Upvest Investment API.

## Examining the example

**Prerequisites**

This example makes the following assumptions:

- You have Java 21 or later installed on your machine.
- You have generated an ECDSA private / public key pair according to
  [our signature tutorial](https://docs.upvest.co/tutorials/implementing_http_signatures_v15#ecdsa).

>   (The code example does not support Ed25519 signatures yet.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (This code example does not support Ed25519 signatures yet.)
```
